README.md, before:

# **Inventory Management Project**

### *i0p2b* Personal Project

## **What Will This Application Do?**

For my CPSC 210 project this term, I will be designing a program that will keep track of a given
inventory. With this program, users will be able to store and retrieve items in an inventory. Each item stored in
the inventory will have its own...
  
  - Name
  - Barcode(unique identifier)
  - Quantity
  - Category
  - Description
  
Through this application, users will be able to keep their inventory in an organized list of items. These items
will be able to be sorted by their name, quantities, or categories. Users will also be able to search
for items in their inventory by name or barcode, and when selected, users will be able to see all descriptors of
that item in detail.

## **Who Will Use This Application?**

Individuals who may find this application useful are people who run companies and need an easy way to keep track of what
goes in and out of their inventories. Several examples of these companies could be...
 
  - Restaurants who need to manage their ingredients, and beverages
  - Shipping companies who want to store the packages going in and out of their system
  - Retail clothing stores that need to keep track of quantities of each style of clothing

In short, I believe that this application will be used by any businesses or individuals who need a method of storing and
organizing items that are currently in their possession.

## **Why Does This Project Interest Me?**

My reasoning and interest in creating an application that manages inventory stems from one of my previous part-time
jobs. Although proper inventory management seems like something every modern business should have access to, it was not
the case with this particular business. The inventory management present at this business was unorganized, overly
complicated, and in some instances didn't even work properly. Due to the absence of a proper inventory system
, employees needed to do a lot of extra unnecessary work correcting errors made by the system. For these reasons, I
aim to create an inventory manager with more detailed descriptors, and a more intuitive interface to provide ease of
access to every item stored in the inventory.


## **User Stories**

As a user, I want to be able to (more will be added) ...

  - Create an item and add it into the inventory system
  - View a list of items currently in the inventory system
  - Search for items via item's name and view selected item's descriptors in detail
  - Search for items via item's barcode and view selected item's descriptors in detail
  - Remove the desired quantity of an item from the inventory system (*just added, not marked)

Commit message:

CPSC 210 Project Phase 2 -Added persistence classes to the program -Users can now save/load inventories

README.md, after:

# **Inventory Management Project**

### *i0p2b* Personal Project

## **What Will This Application Do?**

For my CPSC 210 project this term, I will be designing a program that will keep track of a given
inventory. With this program, users will be able to store and retrieve items in an inventory. Each item stored in
the inventory will have its own...
  
  - Name
  - Barcode(unique identifier)
  - Quantity
  - Category
  - Description
  
Through this application, users will be able to keep their inventory in an organized list of items. These items
will be able to be sorted by their name, quantities, or categories. Users will also be able to search
for items in their inventory by name or barcode, and when selected, users will be able to see all descriptors of
that item in detail.

## **Who Will Use This Application?**

Individuals who may find this application useful are people who run companies and need an easy way to keep track of what
goes in and out of their inventories. Several examples of these companies could be...
 
  - Restaurants who need to manage their ingredients, and beverages
  - Shipping companies who want to store the packages going in and out of their system
  - Retail clothing stores that need to keep track of quantities of each style of clothing

In short, I believe that this application will be used by any businesses or individuals who need a method of storing and
organizing items that are currently in their possession.

## **Why Does This Project Interest Me?**

My reasoning and interest in creating an application that manages inventory stems from one of my previous part-time
jobs. Although proper inventory management seems like something every modern business should have access to, it was not
the case with this particular business. The inventory management present at this business was unorganized, overly
complicated, and in some instances didn't even work properly. Due to the absence of a proper inventory system
, employees needed to do a lot of extra unnecessary work correcting errors made by the system. For these reasons, I
aim to create an inventory manager with more detailed descriptors, and a more intuitive interface to provide ease of
access to every item stored in the inventory.


## **User Stories**

As a user, I want to be able to ...

  - Create an item and add it into the inventory system
  - View a list of items currently in the inventory system
  - Search for items via item's name and view selected item's descriptors in detail
  - Search for items via item's barcode and view selected item's descriptors in detail
  - Remove the desired quantity of an item from the inventory system (*just added, not marked)
  
  
As a user phase 2, I want to be able to ...

  - Save my inventory to a file so that I can re-access it in the future
  - Load previous inventory so that I can interact with it again
  - Be reminded to save my inventory when I quit the application
  - Be given the option to load a previous inventory from a file upon starting application
